docs(ui_storage): add Firebase UI Storage docs (#92)
firebase/FirebaseUI-Flutter: packages/firebase_ui_storage/doc/upload-button.md

# UploadButton

UploadButton is a widget that will trigger a file picker and upload the selected file to Firebase Storage.

Example usage:

```dart
class MyUploadButton extends StatelessWidget {
  const MyUploadButton({super.key});

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return UploadButton(
      onError: (e, s) => ScaffoldMessenger.of(context).showSnackBar(
        SnackBar(
          content: Text(e.toString()),
        ),
      ),
      onUploadComplete: (ref) => ScaffoldMessenger.of(context).showSnackBar(
        SnackBar(
          content: Text('Upload complete: ${ref.fullPath}'),
        ),
      ),
      variant: ButtonVariant.filled,
    );
  }
}
```

> Upload buttons uses `uploadRoot` and `namingPolicy` from [`FirebaseUIStorageConfiguration`](https://pub.dev/documentation/firebase_ui_storage/latest/firebase_ui_storage/FirebaseUIStorageConfiguration-class.html) to determine the location and file name of the uploaded file.

Author: ```suggestion
`UploadButton` uses `uploadRoot` and `namingPolicy` from [`FirebaseUIStorageConfiguration`](https://pub.dev/documentation/firebase_ui_storage/latest/firebase_ui_storage/FirebaseUIStorageConfiguration-class.html) to determine the location and file name of the uploaded file.
```

## Showing upload progress

> `UploadButton` shows `CircularProgressIndicator` under `MaterialApp`, and `CupertinoActivityIndicator` under `CupertinoApp` while the upload is in progress. For large uploads, you might want to show upload progress, so you could replace the button with a [`TaskProgressIndicator`](<(https://github.com/firebase/FirebaseUI-Flutter/tree/main/packages/firebase_ui_storage/doc/task-progress-indicator.md)>) in a stateful widget using `onUploadStarted`:

Author: ```suggestion
`UploadButton` shows `CircularProgressIndicator` under `MaterialApp`, and `CupertinoActivityIndicator` under `CupertinoApp` while the upload is in progress. For large uploads, you might want to show upload progress, so you could replace the button with a [`TaskProgressIndicator`](https://github.com/firebase/FirebaseUI-Flutter/tree/main/packages/firebase_ui_storage/doc/task-progress-indicator.md) in a stateful widget using `onUploadStarted`:
```
